---
layout: single
title: "Weekend Wrap-up: 90 Day, Amish, Addictions, Oh My!"
categories: [ww]
tags: []
---
*Weeks of January 12 and 19, 2026: 90 Day Fiancé: Before the 90 Days, Suddenly Amish, and My Strange Addiction*

Yes, I watch reality TV. 🙈 Shame me. It's a guilty pleasure, and I don't have a lot of people to talk about these one-way trains 🚂 to crazy town that are TLC shows. Are they secretly scripted? Probably. Does it make them any less enjoyable? No.

Here I want to talk about the episodes that premiered the weeks of January 12 and January 19, 2026. I may discuss key points, entire episodes, partial episodes, or whatever my heart desires about these shows. 

This weekend wrap-up will *only* focus on reality tv shows! Other shows I am watching that I won't be discussing this week: The Hunting Party, The Curious Case Of, and Ugliest House in America.

Now onto the wrap-up! 🎁
**This blog will contain spoilers, adult themes, and explicit language!**

----

# Reality Shows
## 90 Day Fiancé: Before the 90 Days
This one is going to be different because I am just going to briefly discuss the couples and the key things that have happened so far. This will not be episode by episode. 
### What is it about: 
    Americans travel abroad to meet their online soulmates for the first time. [Read more on TLC's Website](https://www.tlc.com/shows/90-day-fiance-before-the-90-days)
### Where to watch:
    Sundays at 8/7c on TLC
    Drops on HBO Max the next day
### Current Season:
    8
### Episodes:
    7
### The Couples 
Americans listed first and the location is where they travel to where their partner lives.

**Rick (52) and Trish (25) - Madagascar** 
Rick is from California, and he is in a relationship with Trish who is half is age. He finally goes to see her in Madagascar, and he brings a tarp because Trish talks about something she does during sex. He also keeps accusing her of cheating on him with her ex, but honestly he is just projecting. We learn that for 5 days Trish stopped talking to him, and in that time period he FLEW to COLUMBIA to have sex with his ex. He hasn't told Trish yet, but he is constantly accusing her of cheating. He even admits that he hopes she did cheat, so he'll feel better about what he did.

I don't know if I think that Trish cheated on him or not. Her story about why she isn't talking to him is a little weird. She said her brother crashed her motorcycle, and then there were all these other things. I guess we shall see. 

Rick also accuses her of being a sugar baby. They drive by a mall, and she makes an offhand comment about him buying her a swimsuit. He explodes and tells her he isn't going to be anyone's sugar daddy, and if she is with him for his money then that isn't going to work. *Spoiler Alert* He does not have that much money. 

Another thing is that he has some kids - young kids. She wants kids, but he does not want anymore. 

Do I think they are going to last? ❌ Hell no.

**Jovon (38) and Annalyn (38) - Philippines**
Jovon is from Alabama, and he is MARRIED to Annalyn - a woman he has never met in person until now.

Jovon and Annalyn have been married for a few years, but they have never met in person. They met online a few years ago, and they got married in 2020 since only family could visit the Philippines during the pandemic. This is all fine and dandy except he never went to visit Annalyn until now. Jovon makes a comment about how American woman want the three 6s - 6 feet, 6 figures, 6 inches.

She quit her job, and gets money from Jovon to support herself. This becomes an issue later on when she makes a comment about getting a massage, and Jovon gets mad that she uses his money for stuff and if she hadn't been maybe he could of visited earlier.

Jovon apparently has been confiding in a female friend who he used to have a sexual relationship with which Annalyn is not happy about. She has been talking to Jovon's sister and family about being upset with Jovon, and Jovon is mad she is bringing their issues to his family. She tells him that she doesn't like him talking to this female friend, and that he has plenty of family and male friends to talk to.

*Aside* On episode 4 of 90 Day Fiancé Pillow Talk, they have residents from the nursing home where Jovon works watching the show. Here is an adorable conversation between two of the ladies.  
  
Lady 1: Where would you want to meet a man at?   
Lady 2: In Heaven - where my husband is.  

Now isn't that just so sweet. The one and only heartwarming line in the entire show. 🥰

Do I think they are going to last? ❌ Hell no. In fact, they are already divorced according to an article I found.

**Laura (47) and Birkan (26) - Turkey** 
Laura is from Washington, and she is in a relationship with Birkan who is almost half her age.

Laura should be with Michael. Thank you for coming to my TED Talk. 

No but seriously, Michael is Laura's friend who she does everything with. It is obvious that he cares for her, but he thinks he missed his opportunity to be more than friends. She even gives him a chance to confess his love for her before she leaves for Turkey, and he chickens out. 

Michael is a serious issue for Birkan because Birkan does not approve of him. He doesn't want Laura to have any male friends. Laura tells Birkan he is way too controlling.

Another thing about Laura is she is really into smut, and Birkan is this fantasy she has of a hot, Turkish, bad boy. Birkan's photos were definitely deceiving IMO. Birkan does exploit these fantasies when he pushes her against a wall and makes out with her to shut her up in one scene.

Let's talk about Birkan's MASSIVE debt. He is *50k* in debt in American dollars. He briefly mentioned it was some bad business ventures, but then he makes a comment about how he can't tell Laura about how he really makes money. I've seen some theories that maybe he has gambling debt. I guess we'll learn more eventually. He wants to go to America to essentially escape his debts.

Do I think they are going to last? ❌ No, probably not.

**Lisa (51) and Daniel (39) - Nigeria** 
Lisa is from Pennsylvania, and she is in a relationship with Daniel.

The elephant in the room is that Lisa has been living as a Lesbian for the past *two* decades. She is even still technically married to her last partner. She has been married *five* times. Daniel only knows that she had intimate relations with a woman, but he does not know the extent. 

I definitely think he is a scammer. His mom told him on her deathbed that he would marry a white woman. He found Lisa, and I think he just wants to go to the states. He acts wishy washy with Lisa, and he was super into her night one then doesn't want to have sex. Speaking of, Lisa tells us way too much information about their intimacy. 

He proposes to her the first night they meet. Lisa promised her daughter Faith that she would not get engaged, and no shocker to anyone she breaks that promise. Lisa has also been borrowing money from her daughter and friend to send Daniel money. She is financially struggling and so are the people she is getting money from.

In the latest episode, they go to eat and he berates her the entire time. He accuses her of being drunk after two sips of wine, and he gets mad when she can't properly pronounce the bread name. He then waves his hand in front of her face which OMG rude. He then asks her to walk to see if she is drunk. She says watch me walk and walks out the restaurant. The one and only good decision she has made yet.

When he goes outside to convince her to go in, he gaslights and love bombs her. Super ✨ She agrees to go back in, and in the next episode she'll be meeting his uncle who is going to ask her some very hard questions. She also vapes which Daniel tells her that Christians don't vape (but they have premarital sex??? okay Daniel, sure).

Do I think they are going to last? ❌ Hell no. As soon as Daniel finds out the extent of Lisa's relationship with women, he is going to leave her.

**Aviva (26) and Stig (30) - Belize**
Aviva is from Arizona, and she is in a relationship with Stig who is a rapper in Belize.

Stig is a famous rapper in Belize, and he performs a show when Aviva is there. She goes on her phone, and he FORGETS the lyrics to his OWN song because she isn't paying attention. She asks him not to play a certain song, and he not only plays it but also dances up on some other girl at the club. *Aside* Based on the clips, he doesn't sound that good to me. Sorry 🤷‍♀️

Aviva learns that he went to Texas and probably visited his ex there. He told her it was to perform and see family. Aviva is already a little hesitant because her aunt told her that apparently Stig was seen leaving a show with a girl named Vicky who he has a song about. Aviva asks him about this, and he tells her it is fake news. Really Stig that's the best excuse you could come up with?

We learn that he doesn't like when the women he is dating get jealous. He wants them to be fine with the fact that he is a rapper and will get female attention. That is why he likes Aviva because she said she wouldn't get jealous; however at his first show, we definitely see her get jealous.

We haven't really seen much from them. We do know that they have been raw-dogging it. I have seen speculations that Aviva is pregnant, but I don't know if I believe that.

Do I think they are going to last? ✅/❌ Possibly. I think they might have one of the highest probabilities of staying together.

**Forrest (32) and Sheena (40) - Philippines**
Forrest is from Oregon, and he is in a relationship with Sheena who is a vet in the Philippines. 

Forrest is currently unemployed and receiving disability for Autism. He has security cameras all in his house so that Sheena can watch him at any moment of the day. He also has been living on Filipino time, so that he can be available when Sheena is awake.

We learn that Sheena has been giving money that she saved for her and Forrest to her parents. She tells him her parents are exploiting her and that they need the money. In the latest episode we see that Sheena's parents have a fancy house in the Philippines, and they run a bed and breakfast. 

We also see a preview that Forrest's mom confronts Sheena's family about the money. This is a huge point of conflict for Forrest's family between them and Forrest and Sheena. Sheena also reveals that she has been lying to Forrest some about her and her family's financial situation.

Do I think they are going to last? ✅/❌ Possibly. I think they are another couple who have one of the highest probabilities of staying together as long as Sheena was deceiving Forrest that much.

**Emma (28) and Ziad (27) - Morocco**
Emma is from California, and she is in a relationship with Ziad.

I think they are both very childish. Emma is neglecting to tell Ziad about her previous relationship which was serious with another Moroccan man. We also learn that she started talking to Ziad when she was still technically with her last partner.

Also as someone who had been to Morocco previously, what the hell was she wearing? She knows that it is a very conservative country. Ziad even baited her by saying he would sleep with her and all this stuff, but when she got there he told her he was really Muslim and wouldn't sleep with her. 

They meet his friends, and he straight up says he won't marry Emma. Girl that is your sign, LEAVE HIM. She also explains how Ziad told her she could wear whatever she wanted, and he backtracks and he says in certain places. Overall, I think Emma just wants a man in her life, and I think she is rushing to be in a relationship with someone because she thinks her window is closing. She is 28...

Do I think they are going to last? ❌ Hell no. As soon as Ziad finds out about her past relationship, I think he is going to break up with her.

**Want to know more about each episode?**
If you want more of a recap episode by episode, I recommend checking out the following Youtube channels: [My Thots](https://www.youtube.com/@mythots) and [Boba Belly](https://www.youtube.com/@Boba_Belly).

## Suddenly Amish
### What is it about: 
    The Amish community faces an existential crisis: young people are leaving the church, centuries of intermarriage have created genetic concerns, and the population is dwindling. Bishop Vernon has a radical solution that's never been tried before: offer six outsiders the opportunity to join his community and become Amish. [Read more on TLC's Website](https://www.tlc.com/shows/suddenly-amish)
### Where to watch:
    Tuesdays at 10/9c on TLC
    Drops on HBO Max the next day
### Episodes:
- Episode 1
    **Title:** Transformed
    **Episode Duration:** 53 minutes

    Let’s talk about the first episode and boy is it a doozie. First things first, if I am going to go join a community I am going to do my research BEFORE I GO. 🤯 Most of the people show up with having little to no clue about the Amish besides it’s a simpler way of life. Umm hello 🤔 use your technology and GOOGLE THE AMISH LIFESTYLE. We do have one gentleman whose father is a pastor so he is somewhat familiar, but we’ll get to that later on. One of the ladies is an Amish cosplayer, and she is almost too obsessed with the Amish. However even she doesn’t know that much about their lifestyle it seems! Second, I am a little confused about this show, and I do honestly question if it is a real Amish community. I understand that the Bishop doesn’t want his community to stop growing, but this seems like a disaster waiting to happen. My early prediction is no one makes it. Shocker.  I think a few might hit the one month goal, but I seriously doubt they will actually choose to stay and continue the lifestyle. 

    Our Cast of Colorful Characters
    Since this is the first episode, we'll talk a little about each of them. 

        **The Amish**
        - Bishop Vernon
            - Bishop of this particular community in Lancaster, PA
        - Bishop’s brother & sister in law - Allen & Sarah
            - They’ve been asked to help since they’ve adopted outside of the Amish before. 
            - They recently lost one of their sons in what sounded like a farming accident, but they were very vague. 
        - James
            - He is shunned because he was caught owning a phone so he moved to this community where the Bishop is more liberal. 
            - He shows us his secret stash which is a phone, booze, and who knows what else
        - Emma
            - She really likes the lifestyle, but she wants to find a partner. 
            - I swear in one scene she had makeup on. 

        **The English**
        - Esmeralda (27) - Houston, TX
            - Autism Therapist
            - Refuses to take off her eyelashes and fake nails like girl what is this 
        - Aaron (42) - Detroit, MI
            - Special Needs Teacher
            - Has hearing aids that connect to his PHONE
            - His dad is a pastor 
        - Kendra (32) - Los Angeles, CA
            - Dancer 
            - Has her tits out when she shows up to try to become Amish like girlie pop what the hell
            - Reformed Christian 
        - Matt (35) - Texas
            - Librarian 
            - Has twin 7 year old boys 
            - His dad is big rodeo guy
        Billie Jo (46) - Berkshire, NY
            - Barista
            - Cosplayer of the Amish (Been dressing Amish for over 10 years)
            - Wanted to be Amish after riding on horse and buggy over 20 years ago
        Judah (22) - Kansas City, MO
            - Rapper & Customer Service Rep
            - What in the boots? 

    The Show
    You can just see it in the bishop’s face that he knows he has made a huge mistake when he sees these six fools walk up to his community. First up we have Kendra, whose boobs are out and on display at the Amish community. Then we see cosplayer Billy Joe dressed already as Amish. Judah shows up with a big gold belt and tall black combat boots. Esmeralda with her fake lashes and nails. Aaron and Matt don’t have notable walks unless you count the comments made about how hot they are which I’m sure won’t cause any issues later on. *Spoiler Alert:* We see a clip in the preview of Matt being escorted off the property. 

    The first thing that happens is Bishop admonishes Kendra for what she’s wearing because girl, did you use a brain cell to think about the fit?? I understand that she’s a dancer, so these are normal outfits but she’s on Amish property now. She starts crying after this which I understand, but again think of where you are. Then they are split into two groups: Esmeralda, Judah, and Aaron will stay with James and Emma and Kendra, Matt, and Billie Jo will be with Allen and Sarah. 

    At their respective houses, they start to realize just what they’ve gotten themselves into. We mainly see James and Emma’s home first where they go through everyone’s suitcases. Once again I ask where did these people think they were going?? They remove items that they can’t have such as all of Esmeralda’s skin care and lotions and Judah’s flashy clothes. As they go through Aaron’s, they find a charging cable and here Aaron drops the bomb 💣 about his disability. He needs hearing aids, and he specially has ones that connect to his PHONE. Amish folks cannot have phones. Here he gets all hissy that if they take his phone away then they are taking away his ability to hear. This is completely valid; however, again Amish can’t have phones. James offers to try to find him some hearing aids that don’t require a phone connection because there are Amish who have some, but Aaron just gets defensive and asks if his phone can be in a locked box. Obviously this is something they’ll have to discuss with Bishop Vernon. Once they get in the house we see another issue arise of Esmeralda having fake eyelashes and fake nails which they ask her to take off. She refuses ofc. James makes a comment about how she can’t milk a cow with fake nails, and her response back is to snap that fine she just won’t milk the cows. He tells her if she refuses to do this one thing then she might as well leave, and she says fine I guess I will. 

    We briefly see Allen and Sarah’s house where Billie Jo informs National television she needs to shit. They take her to the outhouse and give her some newspaper. She complains how it’s not sanitary, and how it’s crazy this is what they do. Pause girl you’re obsessed with the Amish, but you didn’t know about the outhouses?? 

    That brings us to the end of the episode where we get a preview of the season to come. It’s a dumpster fire! We see crying, Matt getting escorted off, Sarah & Allen’s group bitching about everything, and Esmeralda still there. 



- Episode 2
    **Title:** The Axe Is Laid Unto the Root
    **Episode Duration:** 43 minutes

    **James & Emma’s House** 
    Esmeralda has decided not to take off her lashes and nails, but Emma and Allen are offering suggestions so she’ll have 7 days. James is not in agreement.  

    Aaron brought an extra phone for his hearing aids so already off to a truthful start. 

    It’s 85 degrees in the house at night in both houses . 

    **Allen & Sarah’s House**
    Their dog is so cute omg. A little crusty white dog. 

    Checking the bags
        - Kendra’s Bag
            - Where was she packing to go?? She has shorts, crop tops, and swimsuits.
            - She’s going to have to borrow some of Billie Jo’s clothes 
        - Billie Jo’s
            - Amish dress clothes go figure 
            - She has a vibrator & self-pleasure is looked down on in the community. You’re supposed to be pleasuring your spouse. Like girl as someone who has supposedly studied the Amish, you sure don't know that much.
        - Matt’s Bag
            - Guess nothing to see in his

    Matt reveals he’s divorced, which divorce is not recognized in the Amish community. Allen and Sarah reveal they have 4 children but unfortunately their youngest passed recently (8 months ago). Their children were adopted. 

    **Day 1**
    First morning wake up at 3:40/4 am

    Men do chores outside and women do laundry, baking/cooking, and mending.

    **James & Emma’s House** 

    Judah has a bird phobia so he’s scared of chickens. He’s also a Germaphobe. James doesn’t think Judah is going to make it and neither do I. 

    James finds Aaron’s phone because he heard it dinging while they were outside. Why would it not be silent?? Now he has no hearing aids and everything is muffled. 

    **Allen & Sarah’s House**
    Showing them how to tend to the garden. Matt and Kendra are flirting. Billie Jo realizes how challenging the life is. Like no shit. 

    **All**
    The boys go to an Amish shoe store. 👟 James wants them to find basic shoes, and Judah is “not basic.” Do these people realize they are going into a new culture? James doesn’t think Allen is a good representation of the Amish since his church is more liberal. James also has been shunned from his original community and he STILL has a phone and booze. Judah got the shoes because James only compromised since Judah’s not Amish yet. James seems very hypocritical to me and on a power trip with how he is treating the English. He is banned, yet everytime these people do something not Amish he is quick to point it out and judge. It's literally day 1, and they obviously have done no research, but James is acting all high and mighty like he didn't show us his secret stash of prohibited items last episode. I think he is just doing this to simply get back in good graces with the Bishop.

    Men are chopping wood, and it’s not going well for Judah. Well Matt isn’t there, not sure why. Judah also reveals to us that he is bisexual. He also talks about not having a father figure, and how he had some more women tendencies growing up. James and Allen are pretty understanding about it, and tell him it’s not his fault his dad wasn’t in his life. Allen even offers to be a father figure for Judah which is so super sweet. Judah isn’t ready to tell the Amish yet about his sexuality. 

    Everyone gets together. James thinks Allen is going to be weak on these people while he’s trying to be strict and give a reality check. Judah just accidentally said he was bi to his English folks, but I don’t think the Amish picked up on it. 

    James and Allen discuss people in their dialect. James learns Allen is divorced. Matt can’t remarry if he joins the Amish church. James sees the people as his chance to be redeemed and unshunned which I think is why he’s so harsh because it is a reflection on him. Why didn’t production make people aware of things like this? Is it just for the plot? He tells Matt that he lied, so I am not exactly sure how that is so since he didn’t say he was married and divorced which I’m not sure when he was supposed to say that. Probably so. James tells Matt they are going to have to send him home. He escorts him off the property… with an axe in hand. Judah has decided to keep his secret about his sexuality to himself. Judah and Billie Jo go to talk to Matt who is upset especially since he’s being yelled at by James to get off the property. 

    **Next time** 
    Esmeralda once again doesn’t want to change because she doesn’t want to take off her nails and lashes. Kendra is having a breakdown. Allen and Sarah find bats in their home which is a bad prophecy. 


## My Strange Addiction
### What is it about: 
    The stories are hard to believe but the obsessions are even harder to quit. [Read more on TLC's Website](https://www.tlc.com/shows/my-strange-addiction)
### Where to watch:
    Wednesdays at 9/8c on TLC
    Drops on HBO Max the next day
### Current Season:
    7
### Episodes:
- Episode 1
    **Title:** Raw Meat, Snorting Food, Being Huge
    **Episode Duration:** 50 minutes
    Wendy (28) - Ocala, FL - Addicted to eating raw meat 🥩🥓  
        Apparently her family has eaten raw meat for a very long time. She has a boyfriend who does not agree with it, and he thinks it is detrimental to her health. She even pulls out ground meat at the NAIL SALON and starts eating it. 🤢 Obviously the tech asks her to not eat that, and she puts it away and in her confessional says it’s ruined because it’ll have been out too long. 

        She has her boyfriend’s family over for a cookout where she starts eating her raw meat. Her boyfriend’s family is flabbergasted and concerned for her health. They don’t like her eating raw meat at the table like gee I wonder why. 🤔 Of course as we know they always get offended when they show their addiction to others and they don’t agree. 

        Eventually she decides to go to the doctor where they find E. Coli bacteria in her colon which is dangerous & compromises her immune system. She said she won’t stop eating raw meat, but she will only eat grass fed from here on out. She won’t eat ground beef, and she’ll limit herself to one raw steak a day. 

    Kathryn (31) - Alexandria, VA - Addicted to snorting her food 👃🥛  
        She has been blending up and snorting all of her food and drink for the last 5 YEARS. She started on a dare of snorting a flavored drink in college, and she somehow fell in love with it. She’s lost friendships and relationships over it. She doesn’t believe what she’s doing is harmful, and she even refers to it as a “dietary preference.” 

        She’s been in a relationship with her boyfriend for 6 months, and she has somehow avoided eating (snorting) in front of him. She’s finally decided to show him at a cafe. She asks if they have a blender, but they do not. *Aside* if I had been snorting my food for over 5 years you’d think I would have invested in a portable blender, but hey that’s just me. The only food they have that can be drunk through a straw are grits and soup. She goes with grits. She then precedes to drink her drink in her special way. Appropriately her boyfriend asks “What the fuck are you doing Kathryn?” She of course gets offended when he doesn’t think it’s healthy for her to do this, and she stops talking to him for a bit. 

        She does break down and go see a doctor where she learns how truly bad it is for her. She also learns how lucky she is that she hasn’t had any serious issues with doing this for the last 5 years. She agrees that she needs to stop, and she actually starts eating food the right way again. She did say that she occasionally still snorts her food, but she’s doing exceptionally better. She said she’d reach out to her boyfriend again once she’d kick the habit. 

        [Read an update about her](https://www.theashleysrealityroundup.com/2026/01/09/exclusive-my-strange-addiction-star-kathryn-andrea-gives-update-on-her-habit-of-snorting-all-of-her-meals-through-her-nose/)

    Craig (39) - Las Vegas, NV - Addicted to getting big 💪🏋️‍♂️   
        He is so big he can't even fit properly into his friend's car. He does have an adorable Pomeranian. He goes to get a suit, and there are literally no sizes big enough for him in store. He has to custom order a suit. He currently weighs 350 lbs. He consumes between 5000 and 7000 calories each day which is 2 to 3 times what is recommended for a man his height and age. His friends are concerned about him because he does have health issues.
        
        He does eventually see a doctor. On update we learned that he lost 8 lbs after learning he had type 2 hypertension so yay Craig!

- Episode 2
    **Title:** Eats Bugs, Extreme Skin Care, Munches Makeup
    **Episode Duration:** 43 minutes
    Carlos (26) - Chicago, IL - Addicted to eating live bugs 🪳🦗    
        WHY DO THEY HAVE TO DO IT IN FRONT OF STRANGERS??? why did he keep having to show us the bugs moving around in his mouth. He can eat up to 100 bugs a day which is over 30K a year which in case you were wondering is the weight of a Thanksgiving turkey. Why did he bring so many bugs to the doctor?? He’s still eating bugs, but he now has a job to pay for his addiction 

    Brandy (30) - Lawrenceville, GA - Addicted to semen facials 🧔‍♂️🍆   
        Yes you read that right! On the upside it is her husband’s own semen. She used 3 ounces everyday which is over 8 gallons per year. She does it twice a day. Even after hearing the risks, she is still going to continue to use it. 

    Anthony (30) - Myrtle Beach, SC - Addicted to eating makeup 💄🍴   
        There are so many chemicals in makeup! He’s a makeup artist, so I hope he doesn’t use the ones he eats out of on his clients. He’s been eating makeup everyday for 3 years and over 1500 products which is enough to stock a small makeup store. He hasn’t stopped eating it. 

- Episode 3
    **Title:** Vabbing, Snakes, Grass Eater
    **Episode Duration:** 43 minutes
    Cassy (32) - Boston, MA - Addicted to Vabbing 👩💦   
        Vabbing is the application of vaginal secretions as chemical signals to attract partners. She does this 50 times a day which is 350 times a week which is 1,500 times per month which is 18,250 times a year. She is very socially awkward. 

        Cassy goes to see a sex therapist because she has a first date, and she knows her Vabbing is a problem. She is definitely very socially awkward.

        She goes on a date (why does she have a whole backpack), and she tells the guy about her Vabbing. She continues to vab up to 50 times a day. 

    Socratis (45) - Ft. Lauderdale, FL - Addicted to snakes 🐍🐍    
        He showers with them, and he has them everywhere. He has two kids and a wife. They are just roaming his house… His addiction started after he came back from fighting in war, and it helped with his PTSD. He spends over 1,560 hours a year caring for his snakes which is the equivalent of two full months a year. He has dead snakes in his freezer. His addiction has cost him at least $250,000. 

        They brought the snakes to the grocery store??? His kids have one each too omg. lol a guy goes: everyone is afraid of snakes. It gets better because a lady has her dog in the store. He has a conservation biologist come check out his home and his snakes. He has around 130 snakes right now. The biologist says his house is as safe as can be, but he needs to learn to let some of the babies go. 

        He has not parted with any of his snakes. 

    Kaylyn (18) - Broken Arrow, OK - Addicted to eating grass  🦗🌱  
        Again, why must we do these things in public??? She’s been eating two cups of grass every day for four years which is enough grass to cover a tennis court. She started eating grass to be closer to her mom who passed away. 

        She has not stopped eating grass, and she continues to eat two cups a day. 


---- 
I am eager to hear your thoughts if you are watching any of these shows!

Happy watching! 📺🍿
